I want to wish you all a happy dr. King
day this is the day on which we honor
the legendary civil rights leader Dr
Martin Luther King jr. a lot of
Americans got the day off today which
they spent at home judging people based
not on the color of their skin but on
the content of their Facebook pages you
would think that the life and death of
Martin Luther King are subjects we all
know at least something about right is
there anyone in our audience tonight who
doesn't know the story but when Martin
Luther King was and not that you would
admit it if you did but okay so about
once a week we go out in the street we
ask pedestrians ridiculous questions
like I think once we asked them if it
was appropriate to make a movie about
the true story of Godzilla because he
killed so many people and some people
said no was inappropriate I don't think
so usually it takes us a while to find
enough people who are dopey enough to
put a whole thing together sometimes it
takes hours out there but today on
Martin Luther King Day this took almost
no time at all we asked 14 people if
they saw the speech dr. King gave this
morning and 7 of them said they had and
with that said I present to you perhaps
the most disturbing edition ever of lie
witness news
so what's your name were you from I'm
Kenny Paterson I'm from Burbank
California Kenny uh this morning dr.
Martin Luther King jr. made a very
impassioned speech at the Capitol what
do you think of that I thought it was
great you know very uh uh inspiring
motivational you know how do you think
his speech this morning compared to the
one he gave in 1963 the same better uh I
would say it's I wouldn't say it's the
same or better I would say it's very
current for today there's no dr. Martin
Luther King jr. did a speech from the
Capitol what did you think of that I
think it was great what did you like
about it all the details and things like
that you know it's very very rare to see
him speak in public these days
how'd you feel seeing him speak in
public this morning I was shocked I mean
I just I couldn't believe it I was like
how could it happen though I mean I
haven't heard him talk for a while and
how did dr. Martin Luther King look to
you to look like he gained a little
weight yeah he did
Tony barfing this doctor saw like say
you want to say something about the wait
about the white about losing some we're
losing some way yeah uh hit the
treadmill and a cardiovascular oughta
doctor you can do it I believe in you
updated myself do you think it was
appropriate that jay-z and Beyonce
saying back up towards the end of his
speech this morning I thought it was
pretty damn I know I thought I was
getting but it's all good
ghetto-fabulous you know I mean dr.
Martin Luther King jr. spoke about his
dream and he said last night he had the
strangest dream that he sailed away to
China and a little rowboat to find you
and you said you had to get your laundry
clean what do you think he meant by that
whoa then nobody's gonna take the stride
uh yeah nobody's gonna slow him down
I guess oh no
got a Groupon movin man I don't even
know dude now I'm like totally confused
not only don't these people know what
happened to Martin Luther King they
don't know the Matthew Wilder song break
my stride that's crazy